Ripped. corrected and synced by:
Yoav1610
Did you know what your husband did
on October 7th?
I know my husband.
I know who he is.
I know how wonderful he is.
Maher's murder shook me so deeply
that I decided to come here.
And now that I'm so close to the goal.
I'm just afraid I'll do something
I won't be able to live with.
Have you ever killed?
-Yes. I have.
Anne. wait a moment. please.
It's possible the source of the pain
is not physical.
Your body is able
to hold the shrapnel.
the question is what you're holding onto.
Today we go into a heroic
operation
and our names will remain engraved
in the pages of history.
To activate it.
you have to press the switch.
Speak. I'm listening.
Listen to me carefully.
five vehicles are leaving Tubas.
from the "Al-Quds" school.
Four terrorists in each vehicle.
Open fire!
Copy. I identify one body in the vehicle.
The vehicle looks clean.
The vehicle is clean.
I repeat. the vehicle is clean.
What the hell is going on here?
Is your gun loaded?
-Yes.
It's time.
Switch to active mode... now.
Get out of the car!
Don't do anything.
give that to me.
They're on their way to the Wall.
We have to stop them.
It was a diversion.
He played you. Doron.
He played all of us.
Thank you.
After Eli died.
they took me to some village
and I was there in some room.
they tied me up.
And I had time to think.
And suddenly everything fell into place.
It happened.
What?
I remembered everything.
All the hours that had gone missing for me.
It was like all the pieces connected.
The phone from Eli.
the trip.
the party.
the girl I couldn't save.
Hagit's house.
And then I understood.
Eli died two years ago already.
Now he's only leaving us
physically.
I let him go.
You have to help me understand something
because it just doesn't add up.
I have to understand what makes
someone like you.
a French woman from the upper-middle
class. Catholic.
carry out a suicide bombing in Israel.
After my husband died. I...
I've heard enough about your husband.
I'm talking about you.
Anne Zaytoun. the little blonde
who wakes up in the morning
and straps ten kilos
of explosives onto herself.
and plans to murder innocent
Israelis. civilians.
My mission was to kill
your agent. Amir...
I mean. whatever his name is...
and he is not innocent.
And your friends.
what exactly are they planning to do?
I don't know.
You know very well
that they're on their way to Israel
to carry out this attack.
Doesn't that seem a little twisted to you?
There are no uninvolved people
in a conflict like this.
You said that about the Palestinians.
Why are you always surprised
when it's turned on your side?
Where does this sense of justice of yours come from?
Great.
So you agree.
I didn't say that. I'm only saying
that you do the same things.
and no. I'm not in favor
of killing innocents.
on either side.
So prove it.
because very soon...
women
and children
who did nothing to anyone
will be slaughtered while they scream and cry.
You have the ability to prevent it.
If your friends succeed
in this attack.
you'll be in prison until the day you die.
No one will save you. Hamas
won't make a deal to free you.
You're nothing to them.
You have an ace up your sleeve.
Use it now.
What's the plan?
Where will it happen?
I don't know.
It's Gabi.
So. Gabi? Is she talking?
-They knew everything.
What is everything?
-Her mission was to kill you.
She knows you're connected
to her husband's assassination.
How does she know?
-Doron. they're not stupid.
After Eli was caught. they figured it all out.
She doesn't exactly know
who pulled the trigger.
but as far as she's concerned.
anyone who was in the area is a dead man.
Let's get things straight for a moment.
Before Eli was exposed.
you two were involved. right?
More or less.
That means their original plan
was the Wall.
That fits the plans
we trained on at the camp.
but Said probably
changed the target now. -Apparently.
Either way.
at the Wall we're secured to the max.
We're covered there completely.
Do you really think
Anne doesn't know anything?
I have no idea. I can't
figure out these Europeans.
Bring me a Palestinian. one look
and I know guilty or not guilty.
And what is she even doing here anyway?
-Revenge. She told you. didn't she?
Does she even realize what her husband did?
More or less.
-What do you mean. more or less?
She doesn't know what her husband did?
-He definitely didn't tell her.
Okay. Doron. get to the facility.
I need you here.
Okay.
I have to go.
So it's not over yet?
Bye.
Yes? -Dana. I need
you to get me something urgent. -What?
Maher's recorded testimony.
-Okay. no problem.
I'll text the archive now.
What about the French woman? Did she start singing?
She'll be singing in six languages soon.
don't worry.
Get it to me
as fast as possible. -Okay.
Anything new?
-Not yet.
I honestly don't know
what came over me.
Maybe I thought
that if I recruited Maher
I'd somehow be able to make up
for... -Make up for what?
For our failure.
For how they lulled us to sleep like that.
It won't leave me alone.
More than anyone.
I should have seen it coming.
Dana. an entire country
didn't see it coming.
An entire country isn't me.
It isn't us.
We just got screwed.
Tell me. do you think you're the only one
walking around with all this crap
of failure and guilt?
Everyone here walks around with it.
it's part of the air.
it's part of our breathing ever since.
Self-pity
isn't a work plan.
You have to put all of it aside
and focus on the here and now.
The here and now.
-Exactly.
You know. I don't think
I can. Naama.
What kind of person recruits the man
who murdered the family
of his friend. huh?
What a mistake.
I should have stopped trying
to prove to the world how worthy I am.
All because of guilt
and a few pieces of shrapnel in my skull.
Are you done?
I trust you.
I trusted you when you recruited Maher.
I trusted you when you recruited
those three lunatics.
and even when you lied to me
about Maher's death.
You knew about that?
-What do you think?
That I sit in this chair because of
my pretty. sad eyes?
Dana. I know everything.
That's my job.
and when an employee of mine lies
I smell it from a kilometer away.
Why didn't you tell me?
Because officially I can't exactly
cooperate with something like that.
But believe me.
if I were in your place.
that's exactly what I would have done.
You wanted to save lives.
Nothing else matters.
Now pull yourself together
because while you're sinking
into self-pity
there's enough crap out there to deal with.
Is there?
There is.
What's happening?
-What's the situation?
How did he slip away from us like that. huh?
What? Say something.
What is there to say?
What? What was there?
What... how did it happen?
The incident isn't over yet. brother.
When it's over we'll sit. talk about everything.
Okay? -Solid. yeah.
How was prison?
Forget it. never mind. It... it was.
Are we good?
Why. what?
I don't know. everything that happened.
What happened?
Everything's fine.
Everything okay? Did you check it?
-Everything's ready.
We have no news from Anne.
I know.
Do you think the Israelis caught her?
That's a possibility we prepared for.
Her mission was to kill
the traitor.
we knew we were taking a risk.
And if she talks?
I trust her.
Anne has already proven herself.
Even if she didn't succeed in the mission.
I'm sure she'll stay loyal
to the cause. -I hope so.
Go to sleep.
tomorrow we have a whole day ahead of us.
Said. you can't come with us.
It's dangerous. you're too important.
I want to come there.
I want to take part in our victory.
do you understand?
Are you sure?
-Go to sleep. -Okay.
Tell me what you did on October 7th.
I was a company commander in the central camps.
Our objective was
to raid the nearby kibbutz.
Me and a few guys who were with me
killed the guard who stood at the gate.
then we moved between the houses
and took captive everyone
we could take.
And what happened to those
you couldn't take?
We killed them.
How many did you kill there? How many in total?
I don't remember exactly.
I think. about 20.
We took some with us and some died on the way.
How many people did you kill yourself?
Soldiers or civilians?
Let's talk first about the children.
the babies and the women.
Five.
Tell me about them.
In the first house. the man came out with a knife
so I had to shoot him.
In the fourth house. I think.
I killed the eldest son.
He tried to run away. so...
I had to shoot him.
How old was he?
14. 15.
-Okay. good. go on.
The last house belonged to a soldier.
but he wasn't home.
The woman and children hid in the safe room.
and there was a Bedouin with them who worked for them.
We tried to convince them to open
the door but they refused.
so we had to break down the door.
The woman fled with the children through the window.
We caught them and brought them back home.
She even tried to fight
and stabbed one of the guys who was with me.
Go on.
One of the guys murdered the children.
And you. what did you do?
I took the woman to a room...
Well. and what did you do to her there?
I touched her.
Did you only touch her or also sleep with her?
You mean. you raped the woman. right?
You dog. you bastard.
And what did you do to her afterward. you lowlife?
I killed her.
Drink.
This is about Ali's wife.
His real name was Eli.
Her name is Hagit.
I know there's no chance
you support this.
So. Anne. I'm asking you.
I'm begging you.
if you have any information
that can help us
prevent this terrible plan
of Said's. please. talk.
Please.
When... when we fled the camp
we were in some village...
and Said was working on plans...
and I saw pictures of it.
Pictures of what?
-A cemetery.
What cemetery?
Said talked about...
this day of yours.
where you remember the dead.
When you... when you stand
to honor them...
And he talked about it with envy.
He said the Jews honor them
as if they're still alive.
Thank you.
Well?
They're going for Memorial Day.
In a few hours hundreds of thousands of citizens
are expected
to visit the military cemeteries
and the dozens of military plots
across the country.
Children. elderly. families and individuals.
all will come to pay respects
to those who sacrificed their lives for us.
As of now we have an immediate alert
of an intention to carry out an attack today
at one of these targets.
The working assumption is that the attackers
have marked the main targets.
However. no risks are being taken
and forces are on full alert
at each of the cemeteries.
Anyone holding a weapon
is outside.
True. we don't have a focused alert.
but we can't
cancel the ceremonies.
Closing the cemeteries and cancelling the ceremonies
is surrender.
This day is sacred to all of us.
and our enemies understand that
and will try to desecrate it.
We won't let that happen.
To work.
Nesher to Be'er Sheva command post.
Sniper force deployed.
Okay. Passing it to her.
Naama. I don't know how
relevant this is
but we got a call
from a taxi station manager in Jerusalem.
Go on. -About an hour ago
two Europeans came to the station.
tourists who seemed suspicious to him.
They ordered a ride to the Kiryat Shaul
cemetery in Tel Aviv.
A few minutes later four more arrived
matching the same profile
and ordered a ride to the cemetery
in Hod HaSharon
and to the cemetery in Holon.
He tried to talk to them.
to understand what they were looking for there.
but they were evasive.
and some of the drivers already reported
dropping off the passengers.
It's them. Naama.
It's them. Give me a second.
This is an indication.
They made a mistake leaving from the same station.
Let's run an immediate survey
on taxis from Jerusalem.
we'll look for more targets.
We have to update the field commanders quickly
at Kiryat Shaul. Hod HaSharon and Holon.
And reinforce the forces
at those cemeteries.
They left Jerusalem an hour and a half ago.
They're probably already with you.
Gabi. is this certain? Is it them?
-Yes.
We estimate there are several terrorist
cells on their way to other targets.
We're sending reinforcements
to the cemeteries in the center.
It's too late to evacuate.
They might already be inside.
-Copy.
Gordon stations. copy.
we have high suspicion they're already here.
Keep your eyes open.
Good thing you're here.
Okay. what? Are we standing here
like potted plants? What?
Let's split up. We'll go inside.
Go to the graves over there. I'll take the inner
parking lot.
Look for Europeans in their 30s.
Okay. Come on.
Continue from here.
Dear audience. in a few minutes
a siren will sound
and after it the Memorial Day ceremony
for Israel's fallen will begin.
Dana. they're here. I identify two
who were with me at the camp.
Steve. advance to your one o'clock.
There are two suspects near the flower stand.
Visual contact.
Doron. is this a positive ID?
-A hundred percent.
They'll wait for the siren.
Dana. we should act now.
I don't have a clean line of fire.
They're surrounded by civilians.
Steve. Doron.
close in on them as much as possible.
and stay alert. Looks like there are more.
Everyone get down!
Run. run. run!
They're inside the compound. Open
the gates. evacuate civilians.
This is Segev. Holon.
We have terrorists inside the crowd.
This is Tzofar. There's gunfire. -This is 730.
We're extracting. Get to the compound.
Dana. Danino and I are in pursuit of
one of them. He's heading downward.
Move. move. move.
Steve. here he is!
Move. move. move. move.
move. move. move! Move!
Come here. Dana. Come here.
-Doron.
Cover me.
I'm reloading.
Left. on the left.
Two on the right.
They're coming from the gate.
I'll try to stop them.
Cover me.
We need more people at the main gate.
They keep coming.
Stay there! Everyone get down!
Dana. stop them there. It's a trap.
Run to the entrance. -Clear the people out!
Nobody run here!
They're shooting! -Doron.
Guys. -Move. move. move.
Are you okay? Come. come.
Said!
Stop!
It's Khatib.
Come. come this way.
Said!
Said.
Amir.
This is for Ali and his family.
What is this? What is he doing?
This is for October 7th.
This is blood revenge.
In Holon the area is clear.
Seven civilians wounded.
five terrorists neutralized.
In Hadera four terrorists neutralized.
We have ten dead.
This is Kfar Saba. The incident is over.
Six terrorists neutralized.
Conducting further sweeps.
Dana.
Dana. do you hear?
Dana. give me an urgent report.
The incident is over. There are casualties.
About 15 terrorists neutralized.
I'm too old for this.
May I?
How are you?
Fine. I suppose.
I just want to go home.
Did you want to talk about something?
I just wanted to check if you're okay.
And to say thank you.
For what?
For making the right decision.
You saved a lot of people.
Including mine.
You're welcome.
Can I ask something?
Can you answer honestly?
Yes. I'll try.
Are you the one who killed Maher?
I knew it.
So that's the reason you were nice to me.
you offered me a way out because you felt...
guilty. -Guilty? No.
-No?
So why?
I felt sorry for you.
You seem like a good person
who just lost her way.
and I know how hard it is.
the death of family members.
It can make you do
crazy things.
Murder. revenge. things like that?
So it seems I should feel sorry for you.
Because you're still inside it
and you don't even realize.
It's not the same thing.
-It is.
When I was in the car.
I didn't press the button only because of...
a little girl. Next to us. She...
looked at me. and I told you at the camp.
my only fear is doing something
I can't justify.
and innocents shouldn't have to pay
for our sins. do you agree?
Yes.
So if you're grateful
for my decisions. like you said.
can you stop?
I'll do my best.
I hope so.
Ma'am. we have to go back.
"O God. full of mercy.
who dwells on high.
grant proper rest
on the wings of the Divine Presence.
in the heights of the holy and the pure.
shining like the radiance of the sky.
to the soul of
Eliyahu son of Shalom and Geula.
who has gone to his eternal rest.
On behalf of Eliyahu son of Shalom and Geula.
charity was pledged for the memory of his soul.
Therefore. may the Master of mercy
shelter him in the shelter of His wings forever.
and bind his soul in the bond of life.
His soul.
the Lord is his inheritance.
and may he rest in peace upon his resting place.
and let us say Amen." -Blessed be God.
Amen. -Amen.
Congratulations.
"Magnified and sanctified be His great name."
-Amen.
"In the world that He created according to His will.
may He establish His kingdom and bring forth His redemption
and hasten His Messiah." -Amen.
In your lifetimes and in your days
and in the life of all the House of Israel.
speedily and soon.
and let us say Amen." -Amen.
"May His great name be blessed
forever and to all eternity.
Blessed and praised and glorified and exalted
and extolled and honored and elevated and lauded
be the name of the Holy One. blessed be He."
-Amen.
Beyond all blessings. songs.
praises and consolations
that are uttered in the world. and let us say Amen."
-Amen.
May there be abundant peace from heaven
and good life upon us
and upon all His people Israel. and let us say Amen."
-Amen.
He who makes peace in His heights.
may He in His mercy make peace upon us
and upon all His people Israel.
and let us say Amen." -Amen.
Ripped. corrected and synced by:
Yoav1610